What kind of communication skills make the biggest difference when
you're in the workplace? What kind of communication skills make
the biggest difference when you're in the workplace? What kind
of communication skills make the biggest difference when you're in
the workplace? What does communication mean to you? To be
a good communicator, you need to be a really good
listener. If you're not a good listener, it's really difficult
also to comprehend what is being asked of you. It's
important to listen to the words as well as the
person's intent to communicate how they feel about something. From
the people I've talked to the industry, um, the, the
kind of communication skills that they find most important is
to be able to take, uh, a, a complex information
and communicate it to people who are not really knowledgeable
in the, in the area. In the written sense, it's
for us to be able to communicate our ideas across,
not to change the meaning of what we are trying
to communicate and not limit that idea sharing based on
the format. It's up to students in many ways to
take the opportunities that are available to them to develop
their skills. This may actually involve you putting yourself out,
uh, in very uncomfortable, uh, situations. Um, but it's actually
through the process of working through that discomfort that you
can really sort of develop and enhance, uh, your skills,
uh, in communication. Try to set aside the mindset of
worrying, making mistakes, because communication itself is an ongoing
learning process. All you need to sort of do is
to keep putting yourself out there and to keep challenging
yourself because it's something that you need for the rest
of your life. I think that's my rambling done. I
think that's all.